# ProyectileSampler

This is a Little sample done to help people who want to help as volunteers to the proyect to develop new shot animations

<b>What does it require</b>

- Stride 3d Game engine - https://www.stride3d.net/
- Being able to code with some editor in C#


<b>How to use?</b>

Make a branch of this code and upload your change there, then, when finished, present the link of it on the discord of the project.


<b>Rules:</b>

The idea here is than any proyectile of any sort generated by someone must comply with the next criteria, which this Sampler help to achieve and test with more ease.

1) It must contains all the parts relevant to his own animation inside itself, after all, the final product will be a prefab, this including scripts.

2) The movement script can be changed as preffered, be aware tho than the movement script is in the shooter, if the spell require some kind of aesthetic modifier of movement, this one must be on the prefab, be aware tho than the calculations of the server may not follow the proyectile if debiates too much from it, and because of that it may be rejected.

3) It requires to have the right tag on it when delivering.

If anything else you can ask on the discord, or to me on an issue, if any new rule or clarification seems required, i'll add it here acordingly.

<b>Tags?</b>

Yep, there are three tags according to what you want to do with your proyectile.

1°) If your proyectile is the faithfull recreation of one that used to exist in Helbreath, then you put the tag [Recreation (Name of the relevant Spell)] as part of the name of the branch

2°) If it is a variant of something than exist in Helbreath but is somewhat new, you put [Versioning (Name of the relevant spell(s))] as part of the name of the branch

3°) If it is a completly new proyectile you just place [Suggestion] and make certain to add a text file somewhere explaining with the more detail what are you suggestion (if a proyectile, a spell, or so), we will check it but we do not guarantee you we will use it in the suggestion you give, or even use it at all, but it is possible with use it somehow in the future, however no guarantees.


<b>Relevant Keys:</b>

O: Move the shooter entity to the left
P: Move the shooter entity to the right
Right Click: Shot


<b>Disclaimer</b>

Of course than from the moment you put your subimision up, you are agreeing on giving us all the relevant permission for use without any issue, restriction or cost.
